Release v1.0.0-rc.3 (#863)
fluxcd/kustomize-controller: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 1.0.0-rc.3

**Release date:** 2023-05-12

> This release candidate comes with improved error reporting for
> when the artifacts fetching fails due to checksum mismatch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release candidate comes with improved error reporting for when
the controller fails to fetch an artifact due to a checksum mismatch.
```

maybe?
